And so forth.
Don't touch my sister
And I said, "Okay.
Brother for 18 years
Ji Wuqing did not find Jinling
He sacrificed countless living people to practice magic
now
The golden lotus is the temple of the dragon
Not his opponent
Why is Ji Wuqing so crazy?
If I'm not mistaken
He should be there soon.
You and everyone in this city will die
And as someone who has just recovered his skills
I don't have atomic damage, it's not easy for my skin to lather
Without further ado
This time, we must protect the little junior sister well.
Come on.
Someday
Be sure to let the muscles fight ruthlessly
It turns out that the dragon girl is also looking for me
I came as you wished